Improve guidance on 1:1s (#3077)
FlowFuse/website: src/handbook/company/communication.md

## 1:1 meetings

Each employee at FlowFuse will have weekly one-on-one meetings with their
manager. It is the responsibility of the direct report to set the agenda for the 
meeting. This is a great opportunity to communicate with your manager on how to 
set you up for success. Topics might include changes in one's personal life, how 
one is feeling, or ongoing challenges.

An agenda is kept in a closed off Google Doc for this meeting to which both parties 
should add items to the discussion list. It's generally recommended to add items to 
the agenda as they come to your mind, rather than wait to prep the agenda the day before. 
During the meeting, the direct report can filter through relevant discussion topics. 

It is important for 1:1s to not turn into a status update meeting. Statuses are best shared

> in the issue where work is being done, in regular standup, or in otherasync updates. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
in the issue where work is being done, in regular standup, or in other async updates. 
```
